Fix client SDK versioned URLs (#1563)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/get-started/try-viam-sdk.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Go" %}}

> The first thing you need to do is import the [base component](https://pkg.go.dev/go.viam.com/rdkcomponents/base#Base).

Author: ```suggestion
The first thing you need to do is import the [base component](https://pkg.go.dev/go.viam.com/rdk/components/base#Base).
```
